well we can move in two welcome to
a new video today I bring you a new one
pre 2014 series
in playstation 3 we are going to have
capturing and good I bring you this
global challenge an lcd that has been released
for ten euros I think I'm in price and
that is pretty good in what it consists
consists in taking your good selection
the selection you want to the world cup and if
You can win it
and I re-elected to Spanish
also the fact of hosting Germany
Switzerland Belgium but decided to take a
Spain is finally recording with voice
in off obviously
as the view a little the description
and we are going to choose Spain if you see that
is a little bit cut up or down
down the screen you see it because it 's
Captor cuts me so much up
as below I do not know why it does not look
well the score during matches
for that reason but good here you have the
difficulty everything that you can earn the
fast and the group that is everything with sweden
Russia and the Czech Republic - if you look
there are names that are wrong as holland
that is without gmt belgium puts serious
and that it is because
oh, well, well
I have an Italian fire option and the
names come out as you type in
Italian
and well let's go for the first
call that bring two calls
in each episode or two calls
two parties is the call that you
I bring to see the game I do not know what
you will think against the aunt droplet of xavi
the method of iñigo martínez as central
and I've put the ugly thing to kill ya diego
Acosta because here is this first
alignment for the match with harper
and tells that I left martínez jordi alba
buscats silva iniesta pedro or navas and
six factories like false nine
let's see that we have had a match
against Sweden that sailing gmt tonight
because the Swedes are going to depend
pretty good us if we're going to play
since in this game it is best for
open holes and you also got false
'nine' goes very well to the central
to stay
single
and let's see what this first one ends
play in stop of the Swedish goalkeeper
we keep trying the truth that the
porters in this game started very badly
eating well has finished then stopping
most values ​​some this is my
first name
but the possible game of which I
apart little will cause
and in the second because more of the same
here the goals of the match would come in
the second part alba pedrol onces that
it turns can not kick dollar the
bottle but
but the defense ends up taking out
they lock up a lot of equipment in this
town and today to cost a lot but this
play and these esq
it falls to catch bounce iniesta everything with
alma a álvaro for iniesta
there is clear shot this year
today captain iniesta
or we got it from the Felix dams
They are from Sweden
for a good move will be that this
green reactivation is the black one and now
we will see
then a substitute that if we're going to get to
the half turn the project that is going
very deviated
Another one of us is Pedro fighting
he takes her
and inwards he puts it and again the
goalie
I know if he's going to lose and in the 90's
if the Swedes are going to come up the
discount change the band was going to enter
elmander from behind only
and they tied us
we took a little dot yes but
we go for a past of mouth since
we still have chances and either of
think for him because I will be able to
This is how our group Regula Czech
311 from spain 1 russia but let's put
second match the lineup we will be
in the boxes to piquet a piqué bouquets
save jaime martínez thiago iniesta
but European and negredo up from without
false nine
and I
great danger play of gold fief
who is going to fight
decided to take this by very strong
champion the everton barça so
can give us a very strong defense
closed ball for Pedro
they come to turn
and who but the goalkeepers that stable
for a too drunk
to win the various games were with
two parts and all that
do not have it then it is for many warning
and this match will be 0-0
We tried to get everything we could
all I can do what left me
also the machine and it cost a lot
get with her and five defenses during
anyone then there are the goalkeepers
as you see the suffocating pressure serves
a lot in these cases and what I say the
goalkeepers that separate everything and more
and this we continue with the play
xavier to throw
and now have after you have to put together
another occasion but the party was going to
to be 0-0 again the goalkeeper are going to
see list with negredo
while sporting to cut
the last negredo inwards
the water came in for Pedro
again to the goalkeeper and the rebound not what
takes anyone so I'm going to this game
0-0 against Russia with two points of six
possible of the first two parties not
it was very good
but hey, it's up to you against the new
girls two games in a row and we could
face and little hope that I have
liked these first two matches that
you give a light and see you next